[APM] [.NET] Update documentation for V3 (#22944)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/compatibility/dotnet-core.md

| Processor architectures                   | Support level         | Package version                        |
| ------------------------------------------|-----------------------|----------------------------------------|
| Windows x64 (`win-x64`)                   | [GA](#support-ga)     | latest                                 |
| Windows x86 (`win-x86`)                   | [EOL](#support-eol)   | < 3.0.0 (e.g. 2.48.0)                  |
| Linux x64 (`linux-x64`)                   | [GA](#support-ga)     | latest                                 |
| Alpine Linux x64 (`linux-musl-x64`)       | [GA](#support-ga)     | latest                                 |
| Linux ARM64 (`linux-arm64`)               | [GA](#support-ga)     | .NET 5+ only, added in version 1.27.0  |

> Note that running x86 applications on Windows x64 is supported.

Reviewer: I suggest some changed wording so we don't confuse people with x86 in multiple places, what do you think?

```suggestion
Note that running 32-bit applications on Windows x64 is supported.
```

## Supported operating systems

The .NET Tracer supports automatic instrumentation on Windows and Linux operating systems. It supports macOS for CI Test Visibility only.

### Windows

| Operating System             | Version     | Support level         | Package version                        |
| -----------------------------|-------------|-----------------------|----------------------------------------|
| Windows Server (x64)         | 2012+       | [GA](#support-ga)     | latest                                 |

> | Windows Client (x64)         | 8.1+        | [GA](#support-ga)     | latest                                 |

Reviewer: Just curious, is the term Windows Client widely known? As a .NET expert I get what you're saying, but I wonder if it's clear to other readers

Author: I 100% based it on the .NET wording 😄 https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/026c5d2a974027e32eb0faeef3b9401923a3bd7f/release-notes/3.1/3.1-supported-os.md?plain=1#L17

I guess it makes sense as a counter-point to "Server", but I probably would have expected to see "Desktop" personally? 🤔

Reviewer: Strange. Welp, I won't argue with the .NET's wording 😅

| Nano Server (x64)            | < 2012      | [EOL](#support-eol)   | < 3.0.0 (e.g. 2.48.0)                  |
| Windows Server (x64)         | < 2012      | [EOL](#support-eol)   | < 3.0.0 (e.g. 2.48.0)                  |

> | Windows Server (x86)         |             | [EOL](#support-eol)   | < 3.0.0 (e.g. 2.48.0)                  |

Author: So I left this blank, because we consider support for _all_ x86 versions EOL and they should use < 3.0.0 🤔

> | Windows Server (x86)         |             | [EOL](#support-eol)   | < 3.0.0 (e.g. 2.48.0)                  |

Reviewer: Ah my mistake. Maybe it would be clearer if we put `All versions` in that section instead of leaving it blank, but I don't have strong opinions so I'll go away now 😄
